牛頭角站 ^   Ngau Tau Kok Station
秀茂坪邨秀程樓   Sau Ching House, Sau Mau Ping Estate
青嶼幹線繳費廣場   Lantau Link Toll Plaza
裕東苑   Yu Tung Court

Information announcments

保護自己， 顧及他人， 請戴上口罩。
Protect yourself and others, please wear a face mask.

乘客在車廂内使用手提電話時， 請注意乘車安全及避免對其他乘客造成滋擾。
Please pay attention to safety and be considerate when using mobile phone in the compartment.

如要下車， 請在到站前按鐘一次
If you wish to alight, please press the bell once before arriving at the stop.

乘客在車廂内站立及行走時， 請緊握扶手， 確保安全。
For safety, please hold the handrail while standing or moving in the bus compartment.

法例規定在巴士總站、 轉乘處及乘搭巴士時必須佩戴口罩。 請各位乘客配合， 減低病毒傳播風險。
Wearing a mask is mandatory by law at Bus Terminus, Interchanges and on bus. We appreciate your cooperation to minimize the risk of spreading the virus.

為預防新型冠狀病毒在港傳播， 乘客請注意個人及環境衛生， 咳嗽及打噴嚏時請用紙巾掩蓋口鼻， 用過的紙巾請勿棄置於車廂内， 多謝合作。
To prevent the spread of novel coronavirus, please maintain good personal and environmental hygiene. Please use tissue to cover the mouth and nose when sneezing or coughing. Do not leave the soiled tissues inside the compartment. Thank you for your co-operation.

請沿途小心看管您的財物， 等待巴士停定後才離開座位， 並緊記於下車時攜帶您的行李。
Please make sure your personal belongings are secured. Do not leave your seat until the coach has stopped and take all your luggage when alighting.


保護自己， 顧及他人， 請戴上口罩。乘客在車廂内使用手提電話時， 請注意乘車安全及避免對其他乘客造成滋擾。如要下車， 請在到站前按鐘一次乘客在車廂内站立及行走時， 請緊握扶手， 確保安全。法例規定在巴士總站、 轉乘處及乘搭巴士時必須佩戴口罩。 請各位乘客配合， 減低病毒傳播風險。為預防新型冠狀病毒在港傳播， 乘客請注意個人及環境衛生， 咳嗽及打噴嚏時請用紙巾掩蓋口鼻， 用過的紙巾請勿棄置於車廂内， 多謝合作。請沿途小心看管您的財物， 等待巴士停定後才離開座位， 並緊記於下車時攜帶您的行李。
Please pay attention to safety and be considerate when using mobile phone in the compartment. If you wish to alight, please press the bell once before arriving at the stop. For safety, please hold the handrail while standing or moving in the bus compartment. Wearing a mask is mandatory by law at Bus Terminus, Interchanges and on bus. We appreciate your cooperation to minimize the risk of spreading the virus. To prevent the spread of novel coronavirus, please maintain good personal and environmental hygiene. Please use tissue to cover the mouth and nose when sneezing or coughing. Do not leave the soiled tissues inside the compartment. Thank you for your co-operation. Please make sure your personal belongings are secured. Do not leave your seat until the coach has stopped and take all your luggage when alighting.

保護自己顧人戴上口罩如要到按鐘次走確保必須佩戴口罩各位配合減低病毒傳播風險為預新型冠狀病毒傳播個人環境衛生咳嗽噴嚏紙巾掩蓋口鼻過紙巾勿棄置於謝合作沿途看管財物等待停後才離開位並於攜帶李

<!attention>
(阿索)
*  車長提醒您  唔好兩手揈揈， 記得握緊扶手永冇甩手 +
Captain Suki Reminder: Hold the handrail at all times for safety. Don't leave your hands empty.